Event size limits across RudderStack SDKs (#608)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/rudderstack-api/http-api.mdx

## 4. Maximum Allowed Request Size

> RudderStack allows messages with a maximum size of `32 KB` per call. The [**`batch`**](https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api#11-batch) endpoint accepts a maximum call size of `4 MB` per batch, and `32 KB` per call. RudderStack responds with a `400 Bad Request` if these limits are exceeded.

Reviewer: @saikumarrs I think it's retained. Has been modified. GitHub showing this as it is removed.

> RudderStack allows messages with a maximum size of `32 KB` per call. The [**`batch`**](https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api#11-batch) endpoint accepts a maximum call size of `4 MB` per batch, and `32 KB` per call. RudderStack responds with a `400 Bad Request` if these limits are exceeded.

Author: I got your point, @saikumarrs. As discussed we will hold off any of these changes until we are fully aligned on all the SDKs.

> In case of client-side SDKs, RudderStack allows events with a maximum size of `32 KB` per call. The [**`batch`**](https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api#11-batch) endpoint accepts a maximum call size of `4 MB` per batch and `32 KB` per call. 

Author: ```suggestion
In case of client-side SDKs, RudderStack allows events with a maximum size of `32 KB` per call. The [**`batch`**](https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api#11-batch) endpoint accepts a maximum call size of `512 KB` per batch and `32 KB` per call. 
```

Author: I just realized I added the wrong limit here. Correcting this. @saikumarrs

The `batch` call allows you to send a series of `identify`, `track`, `page`, `group` and `screen` requests in a single batch. This call helps you minimize the number of outbound requests, thus enabling better performance.

> RudderStack sets a maximum limit of `4 MB` per `batch` request and `32 KB` per call in case of client-side SDKs, whereas the server-side SDKs support a maximum limit of `4 MB` per call or `batch` request.

Author: ```suggestion
RudderStack sets a maximum limit of `512 KB` per `batch` request and `32 KB` per call in case of client-side SDKs, whereas the server-side SDKs support a maximum limit of `4 MB` per call or `batch` request.
```
